So far,
we've only discussed import in a single XML file.
But you may encounter work flows where you have several XML files that need to be combined
into one data set or where the XML is supplied to you in batches.
So you have to import the data incrementally.
Let's look at those two scenarios.
So that's open sub folder three important XML data incrementally.
And then let's have not the Excel file cool schedule.
So we started from scratch.
There's no XML map on There's no XML data in the workbook at this point in time,
and what we want to do is to combine all four of these XML files into a single excel table
.
Let's look first of all of the technique which won't work,
so you can then dismiss that technique and not waste time trying it.
We go to developer on import.
We can simply select all of these files and click on import.
But this generates an error because Excel doesn't give us the option of creating the XML
map that we need so we can click OK to dismiss the error message on what we need to do when
we're important.
Multiple XML files is to specify the XML map in in advance.
We saw how to do that in the last video.
Best of all,
we bring up the XML source task pain.
Then we click on XML maps and add,
and wherever possible,
I tend to use thes schema document rather than the XML file.
Let's click on open except the default name and click OK.
And let's say this time we're happy to have everything in the same order is the XML so it
can simply drag the course element onto the page to generate out table.
And now,
with this mapping in place,
we can go ahead and import or of those exile files.
We select the full files that's like on import and we know imported the schedule for or
quarters starting from January,
right up until December.
And naturally,
this has only worked successfully because the four XML files that we've imported are all
based on the same schemer and can therefore all use the same XML source map that we've
defined.
So that scenario one let's close them without saving our changes.
And then there's reopened the file and look at a second similar scenario this time,
let's say that we'll import the data incrementally as each quarter becomes available.
So let's say that when we do the first import,
only quarter one is available.
So this time,
because we're importing a single XML file,
we know that Excel will automatically generate the XML that forests so we can simply click
on import and that's important to you.
One on will leave the default XML table inexistent worksheets and click OK,
Excel brings it'll the data and it automatically generates the XML source,
man.
Now it's a few weeks later,
we've got the quarter to data and we want to add it to our existing quarter one data.
So as you can see,
this ends on the 31st of March and we want to add the course information for April,
May and June the second quarter.
So the key thing here is when we go to developer,
we need to sell properties.
So we click on map properties and at the bottom,
we've got the option when refreshing or important,
data override or upend.
And of course,
what we want to do is to append new data to exist in XML tables.
So they're like OK,
and now it's safe to import Q two.
So here we've got the last quarter one and the first quarter two on.
We can then just continue with that.
At a later stage,
we import Q three.
Herman.
Finally,
we import cute for I'm would be finished.
We've got all the information right up to the end of December.
So those are the two main scenarios involving the important or multiple XML files.
Scenario one,
importing them into the same table and then scenario to incrementally important them into
the same table.